*: remove usages of explicit "command line" (#19401)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/s3cmd.md

# s3cmd

> > Tool and client for uploading, retrieving and managing data in S3 compatible object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Upload, retrieve and manage data in S3 compatible object storage.
```
